Update IIS metrics receiver with v2 metrics (#534)
GoogleCloudPlatform/ops-agent: docs/iis.md

Follow the [installation guide](https://cloud.google.com/stackdriver/docs/solutions/agents/ops-agent/third-party/iis) for instructions to collect metrics from this application using Ops Agent.

> Additionally, specify `version` as `v2` to enable new metrics gathering. 

Reviewer: This should still say `receiver_version`.

Follow the [installation guide](https://cloud.google.com/stackdriver/docs/solutions/agents/ops-agent/third-party/iis) for instructions to collect metrics from this application using Ops Agent.

Additionally, specify `receiver_version` as `v2` to enable new metrics gathering. 

Example `v2` Configuration
```yaml
metrics:
  receivers:
    iis:
      type: iis

>       receiver_version: "2"

Reviewer 2: There's no need to quote — looks like the `yaml` library will do the right thing here: https://go.dev/play/p/NCqHS7RwnKF.

Author: Updated

  service:
    pipelines:
      iispipeline:
        receivers:
          - iis
```

## Metrics

> The following tables provides the lists of metrics that the Ops Agent collects from this application for each supported version of this receiver.

Reviewer: Sorry I made a small typo in my original suggestion:

```suggestion
The following tables provide the lists of metrics that the Ops Agent collects from this application for each supported version of this receiver.

```

Author: Updated

> ### v1

Reviewer 2: Want to add a blank line before this one?

Follow the [installation guide](https://cloud.google.com/stackdriver/docs/solutions/agents/ops-agent/third-party/iis) for instructions to collect metrics from this application using Ops Agent.

Additionally, specify `receiver_version` as `v2` to enable new metrics gathering. 

Example `v2` Configuration
```yaml
metrics:
  receivers:
    iis:
      type: iis
      receiver_version: "2"
  service:
    pipelines:
      iispipeline:
        receivers:
          - iis
```

## Metrics

> The following table provides the list of metrics that the Ops Agent collects from this application for `v1` of this receiver.

Reviewer: Since this paragraph comes before the version sub-headings:

```suggestion
The following tables provides the lists of metrics that the Ops Agent collects from this application for each supported version of this receiver.
```

Author: Updated
